{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green30\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14902\c15686\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Current info:
\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Name(s), indicate which name is on the medical records. Have a place to store the name the adopters gave the cat, if known.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Approx birth date so we can calculate age instead of having to update it regularly.\'a0 This will also let us do queries like "all the cats between 5 and 10 years"\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Intake date\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Current status (adoptable, available as barn cat, adoption pending, return pending, adopted, deceased, returned to colony). If adopted, have a field to enter adopter(s). If return pending, have a field to enter the reason.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Size\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Coat color\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Coat length\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Breed\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Gender\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Altered\cb1 \
\
\cb3 FIV status\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 FeLV status\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Other medical issues\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Behavioral issues\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Good with cats\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Good with dogs\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Good with children\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Special needs. If so, description.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Bio\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Current location (shelter, NYC Pet, foster home, other. If foster home or other, provide a field to give details)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Courtesy listing (if so, provide a place to indicate the person or rescue for whom we are cross listing)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Adopter(s) name and contact information.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Link to YouTube video\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Photos of cat\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Microchip number\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Image or PDF of medical records\cb1 \
\
\cb3 --------\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 History:
\b0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Ideally, an event would be created, timestamped, and stored whenever any the following changes:\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Location\cb1 \
\cb3 Adopter\cb1 \
\cb3 Status}